Mention the need for Flip Faces when using QuadMesh for post-processing (#6818)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/advanced_postprocessing.rst

to make the quad cover the screen at all times so that the post-processing
effect will be applied at all times, including in the editor.

> First, create a new MeshInstance3D and set its mesh to a QuadMesh. This creates
> a quad centered at position ``(0, 0, 0)`` with a width and height of ``1``. Set
> the width and height to ``2`` and check off ``flip_faces``. Right now, the quad
> occupies a position in world space at the origin; however, we want it to move
> with the camera so that it always covers the entire screen. To do this, we will
> bypass the coordinate transforms that translate the vertex positions through the
> difference coordinate spaces and treat the vertices as if they were already in
> clip space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a new MeshInstance3D and set its mesh to a QuadMesh. This creates
a quad centered at position ``(0, 0, 0)`` with a width and height of ``1``. Set
the width and height to ``2`` and enable **Flip Faces**. Right now, the quad
occupies a position in world space at the origin. However, we want it to move
with the camera so that it always covers the entire screen. To do this, we will
bypass the coordinate transforms that translate the vertex positions through the
difference coordinate spaces and treat the vertices as if they were already in
clip space.
```
